# The Migration Project
This is  my personal work to move all of my code from Computer Science classes at U or R to GitHub. A perfect chance to review my works (especially C++) and the progression I have made in my university career. 
## CS 110 - Programming and Problem Solving
An introduction to problem-solving techniques, the fundamental concepts of programming, and the software design process. Topics will include: data types, control structures, scope rules, functions, files, and the mechanics of running, testing and debugging.
## CS 115 - Object-Oriented Design
This course focuses on the concepts of object-oriented programming. Topics include data abstraction, classes, composition and inheritance, subtyping, dynamic binding, polymorphism and dynamic memory management. Other topics include type systems, two-dimensional arrays, records, references, searching and sorting algorithms, language translation. Software engineering: comprehensibility, correctness, efficiency, refactoring.
## CS 210 - Data Structures and Abstractions
This course introduces data abstraction, data structures and their implementations, the basics of algorithmic analysis, and the fundamental computing algorithms. Topics include stacks, queues, heaps, recursion, Master Theorem, asymptotic notation, computational complexity, empirical performance measurement, recursion based sorting algorithms, hashing, and trees (including binary trees, B-trees, and AVL trees).
## CS 215 - Web and Database Programming
This course shows how interactive database-driven web applications are designed and implemented. Appropriate protocols and languages for web and database programming will be discussed, with a focus on client-server architectures, interface design, graphics and visualization, event-driven programming, information management, data modeling, and database systems.
## CS 280 - Risk and Reward in the Information Society
Social context of computing. Case study: human-computer interfaces and their evaluation. Methods and tools of analysis. Professional and ethical responsibilities. Risks and liabilities of computer-based systems. Intellectual property, privacy and civil liberties. Professional communication. Sustainability. Cybercrime.
## CS 330 - Introduction to Operating Systems
Overview of operating systems: functionality, and design issues. Operating system principles: structures, abstractions, APIs, resource allocation, proximity, virtualization. Concurrency: process state, context switches, process communication, synchronization. Scheduling: preemption, schedulers, processes, and threads. Memory management. Security and protection. File systems. User interface. Distributed algorithms: consensus, termination, and fault tolerance.
## CS 340 - Advanced Data Structures and Algorithm Design
Fundamental algorithms: depth- and breadth-first traversals, pattern matching, and graph algorithms. Algorithmic strategies: brute-force, greedy, divide-and-conquer, backtracking, branch-and-bound, dynamic programming, and randomized. Algorithm analysis, complexity theory, performance evaluation. Parallelism: fundamentals, algorithms, communication. 